README.md, before:

##lcmsend
-----
Lcm-spy equivalent for firing one-off lcm messages.

###Notes
-----
We can build a list of available lcm modules and types. The user selects a
type, which prompts a dialog box for the user to fill the necessary message
fields. Finally, the user submits the message with a channel name to publish.

Message type fields are specified by the `__slots__` attribute. Unfortunately,
we cannot easily ascertain the type for both nested lcmtypes and lists.

* __lcmtypes:__ Nested lcmtypes are set to `NoneType`, so we can assume that
  `NoneType` attributes are, in fact, nested lcmtypes. For now, we'll prompt
  the user to select the correct subtype.
* __lists:__ Lists are tricky because Python lists can hold mutliple types.
  For lack of any better ideas, we'll prompt the user to select the correct
  type for list members, and manually complete the length field.
    * Fixed length arrays are lists initialized with the default length.
    * Variable length arrays must have length equal to that specified by
      another attribute (e.g., `nranges` specifies length of `ranges` array in
      `planar_lidar_t`.

A few options for moving forward:

* Use manual completion method (as above), but cache user specified values.
* Parse the lcmdef.
* Leverage some other introspection tools...
* Print enums in dialog

###Run
-----
`lcmtypes` are imported from the installed `perls` module. This path attribute
could be changed later or maybe allow manual specification. To run:

$ ./lcmsend.py  


###Authors
-----
Perceptual robotics laboratory (PeRL) <jmwalls@umich.edu>

Commit message:

can send messages, but still working on lists/nested types

README.md, after:

##lcmsend
-----
Lcm-spy equivalent for firing one-off lcm messages.

###Notes
-----
We can build a list of available lcm modules and types assuming a known
install structure. The user selects a type, which prompts a dialog box for the
user to fill the necessary message fields. Finally, the user submits the
message with a channel name to publish.

Message type fields are specified by the `__slots__` attribute. Unfortunately,
we cannot easily ascertain the type for both nested lcmtypes and lists.

* __lcmtypes:__ Nested lcmtypes are set to `NoneType`, so we can assume that
  `NoneType` attributes are, in fact, nested lcmtypes. For now, we'll prompt
  the user to select the correct subtype. The `encode` function verifies that
  the fingerprint of the subtype field matches the subtype fingerprint.
* __lists:__ Lists are tricky because Python lists can hold multiple types at
  once. For lack of any better ideas, we'll prompt the user to select the
  correct type for list members.
    * Fixed length arrays are lists initialized with the default length.
    * Variable length arrays must have length equal to that specified by
      another attribute (e.g., `nranges` specifies length of `ranges` array in
      `planar_lidar_t`. We'll rely on the user to fill in the length field.
    * Byte arrays... LCM python types try to encode the byte array as strings
      (or read-only char buffers), but a list is not read-only... so, really,
      we need to make sure lists that are intended to be byte arrays are set
      as strings.

A few ideas and extensions for moving forward:

* Use manual completion method (as above), but also cache user-specified
  values, e.g., nested lcmtype types.
* Parse the lcmdef directly (reluctant to do this---what if we only have the
  generated lcmtype).
* Leverage some other introspection tools...
* Play games with `encode` function; try to guess types until we don't raise
  an exception.
* Print enums/consts in dialog so that users can easily complete fields, or
  even better, somehow associate enums/consts with type and have drop-down
  menu.
* Accept that the python lcmtypes were not designed for full introspection and
  explore a java implementation.

###Run
-----
`lcmtypes` are imported from the installed `perls` module. This path attribute
could be changed later or maybe allow manual specification. To run from python
dir:

$ ./lcmsend.py  


###Authors
-----
Perceptual robotics laboratory (PeRL) <jmwalls@umich.edu>
